Update virtual-network-encryption-overview.md (#128543)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-network/virtual-network-encryption-overview.md

- **AllowUnencrypted** is the only supported enforcement at general availability. **DropUnencrypted** enforcement will be supported in the future.

> - Virtual networks with encryption enabled does not support [Azure DNS Private Resolver](/azure/dns/dns-private-resolver-overview), [Application Gateway](/azure/application-gateway/overview), and [Azure Firewall](/azure/firewall/overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Virtual networks with encryption enabled doesn't support [Azure DNS Private Resolver](/azure/dns/dns-private-resolver-overview), [Application Gateway](/azure/application-gateway/overview), and [Azure Firewall](/azure/firewall/overview).
```

- Virtual Network Encryption **should not** be enabled in virtual networks that have [Azure ExpressRoute Gateways](/azure/expressroute/expressroute-introduction).
    - ```Enabling VNET Encryption for Virtual Networks with ExpressRoute Gateways will break communication to On-premises.```

> - Virtual networks configured with the Azure Private Link service does not support Virtual Network encryption, so Virtual Network encryption shouldn't be enabled on these virtual networks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Virtual networks configured with the Azure Private Link service doesn't support Virtual Network encryption, so Virtual Network encryption shouldn't be enabled on these virtual networks. 
```
